README.md, before:

# Rosalind Problems Solution Set [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ackellyb/Bioinfo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ackellyb/Bioinfo)
[Rosalind](www.rosalind.info) is a platform for learning bioinformatics and programming through problem solving. These are my solutions, coded in Python3
## Python Village Problem Set
Introductory problems to get used to Python

| Problem | State |
| --- | --- |
| [Installing Python](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini1/) | DONE |
| [Variables and some Arithmetic](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini2/) | DONE |
| [Strings and Lists](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini3/) | DONE |
| [Conditions and Loops](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini4/) | DONE |
| [Working with Files](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini5/) | DONE |
| [Dictionaries](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini6/) | DONE |

## Bioinformatics Stronghold
The core problem set

| Problem | State |
| --- | --- |
| [Counting DNA Nucleotides](http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/) | DONE |
| [Transcribing DNA into RNA](http://rosalind.info/problems/rna/) | DONE |
| [Complementing a Strand of DNA](http://rosalind.info/problems/revc/) | DONE |
| [Rabbits and Reccurence Relations](http://rosalind.info/problems/fib/) | DONE |
| [Computing GC Content](http://rosalind.info/problems/gc/) | DONE |
| [Counting Point Mutations](http://rosalind.info/problems/hamm/) | DONE |
| [Mendel's First Law](http://rosalind.info/problems/iprb/) | DONE |
| [Translating RNA into Protein](http://rosalind.info/problems/prot/) | DONE |
| [Finding a Motif in DNA](http://rosalind.info/problems/subs/) | DONE |
| [Consensus and Profile](http://rosalind.info/problems/cons/) | 2->3 |
| [Overlap Graph](http://rosalind.info/problems/grph/) | 2->3 |
| [Calculating Expected Offspring](http://rosalind.info/problems/iev/) | 2->3 |
| [Finding a Protein Motif](http://rosalind.info/problems/mprt/) | 2->3 |
| [Inferring mRNA from Protein](http://rosalind.info/problems/mrna/) | 2->3 |
| [Open Reading Frames](http://rosalind.info/problems/orf/) | 2->3 |
| [Enumerating Gene Orders](http://rosalind.info/problems/perm/) | 2->3 |
| [Calculating Protein Mass](http://rosalind.info/problems/prtm/) | 2->3 |
| [RNA Splicing](http://rosalind.info/problems/splc/) | 2->3 | 
| [Enumerating k-mers Lexicographically](http://rosalind.info/problems/lexf/) | 2->3 |
| [Partial Permutations](http://rosalind.info/problems/pper) | 2->3 |
| [Introduction to Random Strings](http://rosalind.info/problems/prob/) | 2->3 |
| [Enumerating Oriented Gene Orderings](http://rosalind.info/problems/sign/) | 2->3 |
| [Transitions and Transversions](http://rosalind.info/problems/tran/) | 2->3 |
| [Completing a Tree](http://rosalind.info/problems/tree/) | 2->3 |
| [Counting Phylogenetic Ancestors](http://rosalind.info/problems/inod/) | 2->3 |
| [k-Mer Composition](http://rosalind.info/problems/kmer) | 2->3 |
| [Speeding Up Motif Finding](http://rosalind.info/problems/kmp) | 2->3 |
| [Creating a Distance Matrix](http://rosalind.info/problems/pdst) | 2->3 |
| [Counting Subsets](http://rosalind.info/problems/sset) | 2->3 |
| [Inferring Protein from Spectrum](http://rosalind.info/problems/spec) | 2->3 |
| [Mortal Fibonacci Rabbits](http://rosalind.info/problems/fibd) | WIP |
| [Finding a Shared Motif](http://rosalind.info/problems/lcsm) | WIP |
| [Independent Alleles](http://rosalind.info/problems/lia) | WIP |
| [Locating Restriction Sites](http://rosalind.info/problems/revp) | WIP |
| [Genome Assembly as Shortest Superstring](http://rosalind.info/problems/long) | WIP |
| [Perfect Matching and RNA Secondary Structures](http://rosalind.info/problems/pmch) | WIP |
| [Finding a Spliced Motif](http://rosalind.info/problems/sseq/) | WIP |
| [Ordering Strings of Varying Length Lexicographically](http://rosalind.info/problems/lexv) | WIP |
| [Introduction to Alternative Splicing](http://rosalind.info/problems/aspc) | WIP |
| [Distances in Trees](http://rosalind.info/problems/nwck) | WIP |
| [Introduction to Set Operations](http://rosalind.info/problems/setp) | WIP |
| [Introduction to Pattern Matching](http://rosalind.info/problems/trie) | WIP |
| [Comparing Spectra with Spectral Convolution](http://rosalind.info/problems/conv) | WIP |
| [Infeering Peptide from Full Spectrum](http://rosalind.info/problems/FULL) | WIP |

Commit message:

Updated README to include armory questions

README.md, after:

# Rosalind Problems Solution Set [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ackellyb/Bioinfo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ackellyb/Bioinfo)
[Rosalind](www.rosalind.info) is a platform for learning bioinformatics and programming through problem solving. These are my solutions, coded in Python2 and Python3.

Currently I'm working on converting my current solutions from Python2 to Python3, refactoring the code in the process. I'm also writing test suites for any code updated. Once this task is done, I'll be working on new solutions, keeping to the same style and wrtingi tests as I go

## Python Village Problem Set
Introductory problems to get used to Python

| Problem | State |
| --- | --- |
| [Installing Python](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini1/) | DONE |
| [Variables and some Arithmetic](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini2/) | DONE |
| [Strings and Lists](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini3/) | DONE |
| [Conditions and Loops](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini4/) | DONE |
| [Working with Files](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini5/) | DONE |
| [Dictionaries](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini6/) | DONE |

## Bioinformatics Stronghold
The core problem set

| Problem | State |
| --- | --- |
| [Counting DNA Nucleotides](http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/) | DONE |
| [Transcribing DNA into RNA](http://rosalind.info/problems/rna/) | DONE |
| [Complementing a Strand of DNA](http://rosalind.info/problems/revc/) | DONE |
| [Rabbits and Reccurence Relations](http://rosalind.info/problems/fib/) | DONE |
| [Computing GC Content](http://rosalind.info/problems/gc/) | DONE |
| [Counting Point Mutations](http://rosalind.info/problems/hamm/) | DONE |
| [Mendel's First Law](http://rosalind.info/problems/iprb/) | DONE |
| [Translating RNA into Protein](http://rosalind.info/problems/prot/) | DONE |
| [Finding a Motif in DNA](http://rosalind.info/problems/subs/) | DONE |
| [Consensus and Profile](http://rosalind.info/problems/cons/) | 2->3 |
| [Overlap Graph](http://rosalind.info/problems/grph/) | 2->3 |
| [Calculating Expected Offspring](http://rosalind.info/problems/iev/) | 2->3 |
| [Finding a Protein Motif](http://rosalind.info/problems/mprt/) | 2->3 |
| [Inferring mRNA from Protein](http://rosalind.info/problems/mrna/) | 2->3 |
| [Open Reading Frames](http://rosalind.info/problems/orf/) | 2->3 |
| [Enumerating Gene Orders](http://rosalind.info/problems/perm/) | 2->3 |
| [Calculating Protein Mass](http://rosalind.info/problems/prtm/) | 2->3 |
| [RNA Splicing](http://rosalind.info/problems/splc/) | 2->3 | 
| [Enumerating k-mers Lexicographically](http://rosalind.info/problems/lexf/) | 2->3 |
| [Partial Permutations](http://rosalind.info/problems/pper) | 2->3 |
| [Introduction to Random Strings](http://rosalind.info/problems/prob/) | 2->3 |
| [Enumerating Oriented Gene Orderings](http://rosalind.info/problems/sign/) | 2->3 |
| [Transitions and Transversions](http://rosalind.info/problems/tran/) | 2->3 |
| [Completing a Tree](http://rosalind.info/problems/tree/) | 2->3 |
| [Counting Phylogenetic Ancestors](http://rosalind.info/problems/inod/) | 2->3 |
| [k-Mer Composition](http://rosalind.info/problems/kmer) | 2->3 |
| [Speeding Up Motif Finding](http://rosalind.info/problems/kmp) | 2->3 |
| [Creating a Distance Matrix](http://rosalind.info/problems/pdst) | 2->3 |
| [Counting Subsets](http://rosalind.info/problems/sset) | 2->3 |
| [Inferring Protein from Spectrum](http://rosalind.info/problems/spec) | 2->3 |
| [Mortal Fibonacci Rabbits](http://rosalind.info/problems/fibd) | WIP |
| [Finding a Shared Motif](http://rosalind.info/problems/lcsm) | WIP |
| [Independent Alleles](http://rosalind.info/problems/lia) | WIP |
| [Locating Restriction Sites](http://rosalind.info/problems/revp) | WIP |
| [Genome Assembly as Shortest Superstring](http://rosalind.info/problems/long) | WIP |
| [Perfect Matching and RNA Secondary Structures](http://rosalind.info/problems/pmch) | WIP |
| [Finding a Spliced Motif](http://rosalind.info/problems/sseq/) | WIP |
| [Ordering Strings of Varying Length Lexicographically](http://rosalind.info/problems/lexv) | WIP |
| [Introduction to Alternative Splicing](http://rosalind.info/problems/aspc) | WIP |
| [Distances in Trees](http://rosalind.info/problems/nwck) | WIP |
| [Introduction to Set Operations](http://rosalind.info/problems/setp) | WIP |
| [Introduction to Pattern Matching](http://rosalind.info/problems/trie) | WIP |
| [Comparing Spectra with Spectral Convolution](http://rosalind.info/problems/conv) | WIP |
| [Infeering Peptide from Full Spectrum](http://rosalind.info/problems/FULL) | WIP |

## Bioinformatics Armory
Problem sets that integrate the usage of third-party libraries

| Problem | State |
| --- | --- |
| [Introduction to Bioinformatics Armory](http://rosalind.info/problems/ini) | 2->3 |
| [Introduction to Protein Databases](http://rosalind.info/problems/dbpr) | 2->3 |
| [Data Formats](http://rosalind.info/problems/frmt) | WIP |
| [New Motif Discovery](http://rosalind.info/problems/meme) | WIP |
